README.md, before:

# Sablier V2 Deployments

This repository keeps track of Sablier V2 contract deployments, each of which includes:

1. Contract artifacts and ABIs.
2. The [broadcast](https://book.getfoundry.sh/tutorials/solidity-scripting) directories generated by Foundry upon
   running the deploy scripts.

The deployments are indexed by:

1. Repository ("core" or "periphery")
2. Version name (e.g. "v1.0.0")
3. Artifacts
4. Broadcasts, which in turn are indexed by chain name.

## Background

Sablier V2 has been built, tested, formatted, and deployed with the [Foundry](https://getfoundry.sh/) smart contract
development toolchain.

To learn more about Foundry, see the [Foundry Book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/).

To learn more about Sablier, see the [Sablier Docs](https://docs.sablier.com/).

### Packages

The contract artifacts and the ABIs are published as NPM packages:

- [@sablier/v2-core](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-core)
- [@sablier/v2-periphery](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-periphery)

## Scripts

The contracts have been deployed using these scripts:

- [v2-core/script](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/tree/main/script)
- [v2-periphery/script](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/tree/main/script)

Specifically, with the "DeployDeterministic" scripts, which use this CREATE2 factory:

- https://github.com/Arachnid/deterministic-deployment-proxy

### Differentiation

The rationale for using CREATE2 is not to generate deterministic deployment addresses - quite the opposite. The goal is
to have different addresses on each chain. By using CREATE2, we can systematically differentiate the contract addresses
by passing a salt, whereas if we had used CREATE, the deployer's nonce would have impacted the resulting deployment
address.

## License

This repo is licensed under GPL 3-0 or later.

Commit message:

feat: add arbitrum goerli deployment
docs: cross-reference deployment addresses

README.md, after:

# Sablier V2 Deployments

This repository keeps track of Sablier V2 deployment bundles, each of which includes:

1. Contract artifacts and ABIs.
2. The [broadcast](https://book.getfoundry.sh/tutorials/solidity-scripting) directories generated by Foundry upon
   running the deploy scripts.

The deployments are indexed by:

1. Repository ("core" or "periphery")
2. Version name (e.g. "v1.0.0")
3. Artifacts
4. Broadcasts, which in turn are indexed by chain name.

If you need the deployment addresses, you can find them in the
[docs](https://docs.sablier.com/contracts/v2/deployments).

## Background

Sablier V2 has been built, tested, formatted, and deployed with the [Foundry](https://getfoundry.sh/) smart contract
development toolchain.

To learn more about Foundry, see the [Foundry Book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/).

To learn more about Sablier, see the [Sablier Docs](https://docs.sablier.com/).

### Packages

The contract artifacts and the ABIs are published as NPM packages:

- [@sablier/v2-core](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-core)
- [@sablier/v2-periphery](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-periphery)

## Scripts

The contracts have been deployed using these scripts:

- [v2-core/script](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/tree/main/script)
- [v2-periphery/script](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/tree/main/script)

Specifically, with the "DeployDeterministic" scripts, which use this CREATE2 factory:

- https://github.com/Arachnid/deterministic-deployment-proxy

### Differentiation

The rationale for using CREATE2 is not to generate deterministic deployment addresses - quite the opposite. The goal is
to have different addresses on each chain. By using CREATE2, we can systematically differentiate the contract addresses
by passing a salt, whereas if we had used CREATE, the deployer's nonce would have impacted the resulting deployment
address.

## License

This repo is licensed under GPL 3-0 or later.
