periphery/v1.2.0/README.md, before:

# v1.2.0

See the [changelog](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Contract Deployed

- SablierV2BatchLockup
- SablierV2MerkleLockupFactory

## Sources

- Commit: [ed3be5dc](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/commit/ed3be5dc823dd81219f8060a6e6b32ead6c8de84)
- Package: [@sablier/v2-periphery@1.2.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-periphery/v/1.2.0)

## Compiler Settings

| Setting        | Value    |
| :------------- | :------- |
| Version        | 0.8.26   |
| EVM            | Shanghai |
| Optimizer      | Yes      |
| Optimizer Runs | 10000    |
| Via IR         | true     |

## Salts

The CREATE2 salts used during deployment:

| Chain            | Salt                             |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------- |
| Arbitrum One     | ChainID 42161, Version 1.2.0     |
| Avalanche        | ChainID 43114, Version 1.2.0     |
| Base             | ChainID 8453, Version 1.2.0      |
| Blast            | ChainID 81457, Version 1.2.0     |
| BNB Smart Chain  | ChainID 56, Version 1.2.0        |
| Gnosis           | ChainID 100, Version 1.2.0       |
| LightLink        | ChainID 1890, Version 1.2.0      |
| Mainnet          | ChainID 1, Version 1.2.0         |
| Mode             | ChainID 34443, Version 1.2.0     |
| Optimism         | ChainID 10, Version 1.2.0        |
| Polygon          | ChainID 137, Version 1.2.0       |
| Scroll           | ChainID 534352, Version 1.2.0    |
| Sepolia          | ChainID 11155111, Version 1.2.0  |
| Arbitrum Sepolia | ChainID 421611, Version 1.2.0    |
| BeraChain Artio  | ChainID 80084, Version 1.2.0     |
| Blast Sepolia    | ChainID 168587773, Version 1.2.0 |
| Mode Sepolia     | ChainID 919, Version 1.2.0       |
| Morph Holesky    | ChainID 2810, Version 1.2.0      |
| Optimism Sepolia | ChainID 11155420, Version 1.2.0  |
| Taiko Hekla      | ChainID 167009, Version 1.2.0    |
| Taiko Mainnet    | ChainID 167000, Version 1.2.0    |

Commit message:

refactor(deployments): update periphery linea deployment

periphery/v1.2.0/README.md, after:

# v1.2.0

See the [changelog](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Contract Deployed

- SablierV2BatchLockup
- SablierV2MerkleLockupFactory

## Sources

- Commit: [ed3be5dc](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/commit/ed3be5dc823dd81219f8060a6e6b32ead6c8de84)
- Package: [@sablier/v2-periphery@1.2.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-periphery/v/1.2.0)

## Compiler Settings

| Setting        | Value    |
| :------------- | :------- |
| Version        | 0.8.26   |
| EVM            | Shanghai |
| Optimizer      | Yes      |
| Optimizer Runs | 10000    |
| Via IR         | true     |

### Linea Compiler Settings

Due to the lack of [EIP-3855](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3855) support, we had to use the following settings for
Linea:

| Setting        | Value  |
| :------------- | :----- |
| Version        | 0.8.26 |
| EVM            | Paris  |
| Optimizer      | Yes    |
| Optimizer Runs | 10000  |
| Via IR         | true   |

## Salts

The CREATE2 salts used during deployment:

| Chain            | Salt                             |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------- |
| Arbitrum One     | ChainID 42161, Version 1.2.0     |
| Avalanche        | ChainID 43114, Version 1.2.0     |
| Base             | ChainID 8453, Version 1.2.0      |
| Blast            | ChainID 81457, Version 1.2.0     |
| BNB Smart Chain  | ChainID 56, Version 1.2.0        |
| Gnosis           | ChainID 100, Version 1.2.0       |
| LightLink        | ChainID 1890, Version 1.2.0      |
| Mainnet          | ChainID 1, Version 1.2.0         |
| Mode             | ChainID 34443, Version 1.2.0     |
| Optimism         | ChainID 10, Version 1.2.0        |
| Polygon          | ChainID 137, Version 1.2.0       |
| Scroll           | ChainID 534352, Version 1.2.0    |
| Sepolia          | ChainID 11155111, Version 1.2.0  |
| Arbitrum Sepolia | ChainID 421611, Version 1.2.0    |
| BeraChain Artio  | ChainID 80084, Version 1.2.0     |
| Blast Sepolia    | ChainID 168587773, Version 1.2.0 |
| Mode Sepolia     | ChainID 919, Version 1.2.0       |
| Morph Holesky    | ChainID 2810, Version 1.2.0      |
| Optimism Sepolia | ChainID 11155420, Version 1.2.0  |
| Taiko Hekla      | ChainID 167009, Version 1.2.0    |
| Taiko Mainnet    | ChainID 167000, Version 1.2.0    |
