core/v1.2.0/README.md, before:

# v1.2.0

## Contract Deployed

- SablierV2LockupDynamic
- SablierV2LockupLinear
- SablierV2LockupTranched
- SablierV2NFTDescriptor

## Sources

- Commit: [73356945](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/commit/73356945b53e8dd4112f34f3e2c63c278c4a5239)
- Package: [@sablier/v2-core@1.2.0](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-core/v/1.2.0)

## Compiler Settings

| Setting        | Value    |
| :------------- | :------- |
| Version        | 0.8.26   |
| EVM            | Shanghai |
| Optimizer      | Yes      |
| Optimizer Runs | 1000     |
| Via IR         | true     |

## Salts

The CREATE2 salts used during deployment:

| Chain            | Salt                             |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------- |
| Arbitrum One     | ChainID 42161, Version 1.2.0     |
| Avalanche        | ChainID 43114, Version 1.2.0     |
| Base             | ChainID 8453, Version 1.2.0      |
| Blast            | ChainID 81457, Version 1.2.0     |
| BNB Smart Chain  | ChainID 56, Version 1.2.0        |
| Gnosis           | ChainID 100, Version 1.2.0       |
| LightLink        | ChainID 1890, Version 1.2.0      |
| Mainnet          | ChainID 1, Version 1.2.0         |
| Mode             | ChainID 34443, Version 1.2.0     |
| Optimism         | ChainID 10, Version 1.2.0        |
| Polygon          | ChainID 137, Version 1.2.0       |
| Scroll           | ChainID 534352, Version 1.2.0    |
| Sepolia          | ChainID 11155111, Version 1.2.0  |
| Arbitrum Sepolia | ChainID 421611, Version 1.2.0    |
| Base Sepolia     | ChainID 84532, Version 1.2.0     |
| Blast Sepolia    | ChainID 168587773, Version 1.2.0 |
| Mode Sepolia     | ChainID 919, Version 1.2.0       |
| Optimism Sepolia | ChainID 11155420, Version 1.2.0  |
| Taiko Hekla      | ChainID 167009, Version 1.2.0    |

Commit message:

feat: add linea mainnet and testnet

core/v1.2.0/README.md, after:

# v1.2.0

## Contract Deployed

- SablierV2LockupDynamic
- SablierV2LockupLinear
- SablierV2LockupTranched
- SablierV2NFTDescriptor

## Sources

- Commit: [73356945](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/commit/73356945b53e8dd4112f34f3e2c63c278c4a5239)
- Package: [@sablier/v2-core@1.2.0](https://npmjs.com/package/@sablier/v2-core/v/1.2.0)

## Compiler Settings

| Setting        | Value    |
| :------------- | :------- |
| Version        | 0.8.26   |
| EVM            | Shanghai |
| Optimizer      | Yes      |
| Optimizer Runs | 1000     |
| Via IR         | true     |

### Linea Compiler Settings

Due to the lack of [EIP-3855](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3855) support, we had to use the following settings for
Linea:

| Setting        | Value  |
| :------------- | :----- |
| Version        | 0.8.26 |
| EVM            | Paris  |
| Optimizer      | Yes    |
| Optimizer Runs | 500    |
| Via IR         | true   |

## Salts

The CREATE2 salts used during deployment:

| Chain            | Salt                             |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------- |
| Arbitrum One     | ChainID 42161, Version 1.2.0     |
| Avalanche        | ChainID 43114, Version 1.2.0     |
| Base             | ChainID 8453, Version 1.2.0      |
| Blast            | ChainID 81457, Version 1.2.0     |
| BNB Smart Chain  | ChainID 56, Version 1.2.0        |
| Gnosis           | ChainID 100, Version 1.2.0       |
| Linea            | ChainID 59144, Version 1.2.0     |
| LightLink        | ChainID 1890, Version 1.2.0      |
| Mainnet          | ChainID 1, Version 1.2.0         |
| Mode             | ChainID 34443, Version 1.2.0     |
| Optimism         | ChainID 10, Version 1.2.0        |
| Polygon          | ChainID 137, Version 1.2.0       |
| Scroll           | ChainID 534352, Version 1.2.0    |
| Sepolia          | ChainID 11155111, Version 1.2.0  |
| Arbitrum Sepolia | ChainID 421611, Version 1.2.0    |
| Base Sepolia     | ChainID 84532, Version 1.2.0     |
| Blast Sepolia    | ChainID 168587773, Version 1.2.0 |
| Linea Sepolia    | ChainID 59141, Version 1.2.0     |
| Mode Sepolia     | ChainID 919, Version 1.2.0       |
| Optimism Sepolia | ChainID 11155420, Version 1.2.0  |
| Taiko Hekla      | ChainID 167009, Version 1.2.0    |
